OPERATE RUNNING SYSTEMS

1) Only a privileged user can run a process with lower niceness.
* True

2) How do you find all man pages associated with systemd?
* apropos systemd

3) How do you view the disabled/enabled settings of all units with the type "service"?
* systemctl list-unit-files --type=service

```
Explain: load/unload(enabled/disabled), active/inactive
```

4) Which command displays all available kill signals?
* kill -l

5)* Which "niceness" is the least favorable for a process?
* 19

6)* -20 is the most favorable for a given process.
* True

```
Explain:

    https://www.nixtutor.com/linux/changing-priority-on-linux-processes/

    In Linux we can set guidelines for the CPU to follow when it is looking at all the
    tasks it has to do. These guidelines are called niceness or nice value. The Linux 
    niceness scale goes from -20 to 19. The lower the number the more priority that task 
    gets. If the niceness value is high number like 19 the task will be set to the lowest 
    priority and the CPU will process it whenever it gets a chance. The default nice 
    value is zero.
```

7) Which command(s) would perform a reboot on the system?
* systemctl reboot, reboot, shutdown -r

8) The command systemctl set-default sets the default target for the system at boot time.
* True

9) Which command(s) would move the system into the graphical.target?
* systemctl isolate graphical.target

10)* Which man page shows information about unit configuration files and their locations?
* systemd.unit

11)* Which command(s) display available systemd unit types?
* systemctl -t help

12)* How can you list the active state of all loaded service unit configuration files?
* systemctl list-units --type=service

```
Explain: load, unload, active, inactive
    "unloaded" means that it is not in memory (not currently in use), and "loaded" 
    of course would mean that it is in memory.

    When I run "systemctl -t service --all" I see only services that are loaded (in 
    memory) but I do see those that are active and inactive at the same time.  So 
    yes, even though they are loaded, if it is marked as 'inactive' it isn't being 
    used at that point.  If another service needs that particular daemon, it will 
    then activate, perform its task, then go back to inactive - and remain 'loaded' 
    in memory.
```

13) Which command(s) would list unit configuration files that are dependencies for the network target?
* systemctl list-dependencies network.target

14) Systemctl halt shuts down and halts the system.
* True

15)* As part of the application build-out on your Red Hat 7 Enterprise system, you have a process that is running backend maintenance tasks. These maintenance tasks are not important and shouldn't take priority over other tasks on the system. How might you tell the system to assign CPU usage to this process only after other higher priority items have been completed or only if they do not need the CPU?
* Set the nice priority to 19 on the process using renice, nice or top.

16)* How can you list all failed service unit configuration files?
* systemctl --failed --type=service

17) Which command(s) would reboot the system five minutes from now and notify all users on the system of the impending reboot?
* shutdown -r +5 rebooting!

18) What line in the bootloader entry do you need to edit after interrupting the boot process to change the current boot target?
* linux16

19) Which command(s) would power off the system?
* poweroff, systemctl poweroff, shutdown -P

20)* Which command(s) would show all available targets on the system?
* systemctl list-unit-files --type=target

21)* What is the percentage load average for the following processor count and given load for the 5 minute load average?
[root@localhost]# uptime
 09:55:50 up 16:35, 3 users, load average: 4.05, 3.03, 3.75
[root@localhost ~]# grep "model name" /proc/cpuinfo | wc -l
 5
* 60%

```
Explain:
    `uptime` gives a one line display of the following information.  The current time,
    how long the system has been running, how many users are currently logged on, and
    the system load averages for the past 1, 5, and 15 minutes.
```

22) If your system is currently in the graphical.target, which command(s) would move it out of the graphical.target and into the multi-user.target?
* systemctl isolate multi-user.target

23) Where are the configuration files for systemd located?
* /usr/lib/systemd/system, /etc/systemd/system

24) Which command(s) would list all service unit configuration files regardless of whether they are active or not?
* systemctl --type=service --all

25) Which command creates or updates the manual page index caches; something you should run after installing new man pages?
* mandb

26)* Which man page shows specific configuration options for a service unit configuration?
* man systemd.service