DEPLOY, CONFIGURE, AND MAINTAIN SYSTEMS

1)* Kickstart documentation files can be found where?

* /usr/share/doc

2) You've just updated the server sources in the /etc/chrony.conf configuration file. How do you apply the changes so NTP is not looking at those sources?

* systemctl restart chronyd

3)* Which command(s) displays all documentation files associated with the pykickstart package?

* rpm -qd pykickstart

4) Select the true statement(s) given symbols as they relate to packages and groups.

* - means the package is not installed and will not be installed if the group is installed or updated,
* = means the package is installed and was installed as part of the group

5) The tzselect command is a tool used to help "guide" you through choosing which timezone you should configure your server for.

* True

6) A script located in the /etc/cron.daily directory runs how often?

* Once a day

7) Which command and option would be used to display the current kernel version?

* uname -r

8) Where are anacron jobs configured?

* /etc/anacrontab

9) The "at" utility wasn't installed on your Red Hat distribution by default. After running yum install at, you notice that the at service is not running. After starting the service you want to be sure that the atd service is enabled to start when the system boots. Which command(s) should you issue to enable this?

* systemctl enable atd

10) How do you view the status of time synchronization?

* timedatectl

11) Non-privileged users on the Linux system can schedule anacron jobs.

* False

12) Which command(s) allows you to list all available time zones?

* timedatectl list-timezones

13) Repos listed in the /etc/yum.repos.d/ must end in .repo for them to be recognized.

* True

14) Which yum command, when provided the proper argument, displays all packages on the system installed by yum?

* yum list

15) You've successfully modified the /etc/chronyd.conf configuration file to reflect a new ntp server. How do you view and make sure the changes applied correctly?

* chronyc sources

16) List all enabled and disabled repos on your Red Hat machine.

* yum repolist all

17) The /var/www/html directory has mysteriously shown up on your system. What command could you issue to determine what software package created it? Please note: This does not search your system but instead searches a repository for files that are created by the package.

* yum provides /var/www/html

18) What is the best method for setting the timezone?

* timedatectl set-timezone

19) Given the following group info, what packages were installed as part of the group? Group: Security Tools Group-Id: security-tools Description: Security tools for integrity and trust verification. Default Packages: =scap-security-guide +openscap -hmaccalc openscap-utils

* scap-security-guide

20) By default, chronyd is the default ntp deamon on a Red Hat Enterprise 7 install.

* True

21) Yum packages cannot be removed without having the package dependencies removed when the package was originally installed.

* True

22) You've installed the httpd package on your Red Hat Linux system. How might you view all available or associated documentation locations that were installed with the package?

* rpm -qd httpd

23) The command systemctl set-default multi-user.target changes the system so that your default target at boot time is the multi-user.target.

Correct

* True

24) The "at" utility wasn't installed on your Red Hat distribution by default. After running yum install at, you notice that the at service is not running. Which command(s) could you issue to start the service?

* systemctl start atd
* systemctl restart atd

25) If a package installed on the system needs a required cron job scheduled, where is the cron config file for the package located when the package is downloaded and installed?

* /etc/cron.d/

26)************ The user "anthony" is located in the /etc/deny.cron file. This means that all users on the system except anthony are denied access to use the cron utility.

* False
* not `/etc/deny.cron`, but `/etc/cron.deny`

27) How can you determine if the httpd package is installed on a system?

* yum list installed httpd
* yum list installed | grep httpd

```
yum list = list all available packages
```

28) If you forget yum commands on the exam, which are ways to get help?

* yum help
* man yum
* info yum

29) Which yum command(s) shows all currently installed kernels and all available kernels for a system?

* yum info kernel
* yum list kernel