MANAGE USERS AND GROUPS

1) Which command would you use to set the maximum amount of time between password changes for the user jeff to 60 days?

* chage -M 60 jeff

2) Which command would be used to add a supplementary group called developers to the user jeff? Note: Jeff already has supplementary groups and he needs to stay a member of those groups.

* usermod -aG developers jeff

3) Which flag (argument), when passed to the useradd command, will set the supplemental group for a user?

* -G

4) Red Hat 7 UID for the root account is:

* 0

5) Which UID ranges are reserved for system users? Or users used by the system for processes that do not own files on the file system?

* 201-999

6) Given the domain "ad.linuxacademy.com", which command will discovery if the domain exists and return the packages needed to be installed?

* realm discover ad.linuxacademy.com

7) Which package is required for using the realm command when joining/discovering available SSSO domains?

* yum install -y realmd

8) Which flag (argument), when passed to the chage command, will force a user to change their password every 30 days?

* -M

9)* Which command will set the expire date for the user jeff to be 90 days from today?

* chage -E $(date -d "+90days" +%F) jeff

10) What UID ranges are reserved for regular users?

* 1000+

11)* What would you edit in order to ensure that all new users have a password expiration of 30 days?

* `/etc/login.defs` file and the PASS_MAX_DAYS to 30

12) The UID range for Red Hat assigned system users is:

* 1-200